CISC 472 Assignment 4 - Part A
Due April 9, 2021


1. Implement ICP in Matlab using the skeleton code provided.

   The code already does this:

     - reads a femur model;
     - reads your collected points (knee1.csv and knee2.csv);
     - find the points at which you paused with the stylus;
     - uses a kD-tree to find the closest model points to a
       *transformed* set of your collected points; and
     - renders everything.

   (You might need to install the MatLab package containing the
   kD-tree, depending upon the version of MatLab you're running.)

   Your code should only be inside the ICP loop.  You'll have to think
   carefully about how you want to implement this.  The implementation
   is much easier if you have thought a lot beforehand.

   With each iteration in the ICP loop, you should accumulate the
   incremental translations and rotations into 'accumTrans' and
   'accumRot'.  Those are returned from the apply_ICP() function.

2. Apply your ICP algorithm to your knee1.csv and knee2.csv.  Report
   the results for each.  Include rotation, translation, number of
   iterations, and RMS error.

3. ICP can fail to find a good match (i.e. a match with low RMS
   error).  One workaround is to try ICP multiple times, randomly
   choosing a different initial transformation each time.

   Modify your code so that it makes a number of attempts
   ('numAttempts' in the code) and chooses a random pose each time.
   Think about what a good initial translation *and* rotation might
   be.

4. Apply your multi-attempt ICP algorithm to your data.  Report the
   results, as above, for both knee1.csv and knee2.csv.

5. Did the multi-attempt version of ICP work better?  Discuss this
   briefly, speculating on ICP's strengths and weaknesses (at most a
   paragraph).

To submit:

  Create a directory called 'a4a' containing EXACTLY:

    - your a4a.m

    - a README.txt file with (a) your names and netIDs and (b)
      responses to the questions above.

  DO NOT INCLUDE femur.stl, knee1.csv, knee2.csv, or stlread.m.

  Put your a4a directory inside another directory called 'a4'.  Once
  Part B is done, also put it in 'a4', zip the whole thing, and submit
  it on OnQ.
