CISC 472 Assignment 4 - Part B
Due April 9, 2021

1. Run the provided code to see the Mutual Information similarity
   measure for two images.  Press the arrow keys while in the MatLab
   figure window to translate the bottom image and see how the
   similarity measure changes.  Press < and > to rotate the bottom
   image.

2. Set 'interactive' to false and run the code again.  Two figures
   will appear, each with nine empty plots.  See how this is done in the
   provided Matlab code.

3. Modify '[YOUR CODE HERE]' in collect_measures() to build matrices of
   similarity measures for different offsets and rotations, as
   described by the function's header comment.  (See also the comment
   that starts with 'Build 2D plots'.)  Your output will consist of 18
   graphs in two windows.  An example image is included in this archive.
   Note that the code already has functions to compute MI, RMS, and NCC.

4. Once your code is working with a 'step' of 40, set the 'step' to 4
   and run the code again.  Make the two output windows large and save
   each as a PNG image for submission.

5. For the CT/MR measures, comment very briefly (two sentences for
   each, at most) on each of:

     - the effect of rotation and translation away from the perfect registration
     - the smoothness of the MI, RMS, and NCC measures
     - the capture range of MI, RMS, and NCC

6. For CT/CT and CT/MR, why do RMS and NCC get larger with very large
   translations?  Why does MI *not* get larger?

7. What is your recommendation for a similarity measure for
   registering CT to MR images?  Briefly justify your answer.

To submit:

  Create a directory called 'a4b' containing EXACTLY:

    - your a4b.m

    - a README.txt file with (a) your names and netIDs and
      (b) responses to the questions above.

    - one image of the nine T1/T2 measures

    - one image of the nine T1/T1 measures

  Put your a4b directory inside another directory called 'a4'.  Once
  Part A is done, also put it in 'a4', zip the whole thing, and submit
  it on OnQ.
